CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

## How to contribute to the Vainglory Game Data Service Documentation

### **What to expect**

Any Issues filed here are reviewed by our team and handled as quickly as we can.

#### Data Requests

If the request is related to data being returned by the API, we will verify:
  * Clarity - The request must be described in detail and be understandable by someone not familiar with the game.
  * Examples - The request must include examples or in case of a Telemetry request propose a format.

If your request is accepted, we will sort your Issue to one of the following Project boards:
  * [API Project board](https://github.com/madglory/gamelocker-vainglory/projects/1) - Contains issues specifically related to the way the API works and the format in which data is returned.
  * [DATA Project board](https://github.com/madglory/gamelocker-vainglory/projects/2) - Contains issues specifically having to do with missing or incorrect data.
  
  These boards will organize as well as prioritize Issues and make them all avalible in one place. Issues will be closed once the feature request or bug fix is rectified.


#### API Requests

Alternatively, if the request is related to the way the API works we will
review the ticket and, if accepted, assign accordingly.

### **Do you have questions about to use that Game Data Service?**

* Ask any question about how to use on the [Vainglory API Community Discord server](http://discord.me/vaingloryapi).

Thanks! :heart: :heart: :heart:

Commit message:

Updates contributing to note the other repository

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

## How to contribute to the Vainglory Game Data Service Documentation

### **Ooverview**
This repository captures Vainglory specific issues with the Gamelocker Platform.  Issues like
data format, data structure and data correctness are all within the scope of this board.

For platform related issues (those that affect every game title) including query parameters, endpoints, protocol issues, etc. please file a request in: https://github.com/gamelocker/platform

### **What to expect**

Any Issues filed here are reviewed by our team and handled as quickly as we can!

We will verify:
  * Clarity - The request must be described in detail and be understandable by someone not familiar with the game.  If you're concerned about a specific field, please include an example.
  * Examples - The request must include examples or in case of a Telemetry request propose a format.

If your request is accepted, we will sort your Issue by priority into the Github project board.
  
This board is used to organize as well as prioritize issues. Issues will be closed once the feature request or bug fix is rectified.

### **Do you have questions about to use that Game Data Service?**

* Ask any question about how to use on the [Vainglory API Community Discord server](http://discord.me/vaingloryapi).

Thanks! :heart: :heart: :heart:
